tutorialTips              = true
displayDamage             = true
quickBuy                  = true
itemComparison            = true
extraRollovers            = true
showMonsterLevelOnRollover = true
textureQuality            = high
shadowQuality             = high
reflectionQuality         = high
detailLevel               = high
resolution                = 1400 900
antiAliasingQuality       = high
fullscreen                = false
syncToRefresh             = true
masterVolume              = 0.99
musicVolume               = 0.99
effectsVolume             = 0.99
dialogVolume              = 0.99
ambientFrequency          = medium
showTagErrors             = true
useArchives               = true
sendDebugMail             = false
showAssertMessages        = false
device                    = Direct3D
language                  = English
playerVsPlayer            = false
forceSingleProcessorMode  = true
splashScreen              = false
